(DOCSP-16624) Backfills docs content for 5 clusters search indexes commands (#1606)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/mongocli/command/mongocli-atlas-clusters-search-indexes-delete.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> Delete the search index you specify from a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the specified search index from a cluster.
```
